Add SQL normalization parameter to APM/DBM (#27394)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/connect_dbm_and_apm.md

DD_VERSION=(application version)
```

> For the best user experience, in the Agent versions `7.63` and greater, set the obfuscation mode to `obfuscate_and_normalize` with the following config parameter in the `apm_config` section of the APM Agent configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends setting the obfuscation mode to `obfuscate_and_normalize` for Agent versions `7.63` and higher. Add the following parameter in the `apm_config` section of your APM Agent configuration file:
```
